the Palestinian people have been
subjugated to Injustice to violence to
discrimination to all form of
discrimination for over 76 years and
they have been waiting
for partial Justice not to expect full
Justice and we have waited for this
moment I believe this moment is historic
because it responds to the expectations
to the needs
uh of the Palestinian people the
International Community who who wanted
to see that you know the international
uh Court takes decision on uh the
Israeli violations the Israeli
occupation the Israeli segregation the
Israeli apartheid and the crimes that
Israel has been committing since 1948
onwards until today I believe it's hyic
because you know it provides certain
answers to many questions that stayed in
our minds for so many years it you know
answers the questions that so many
countries were waiting in order to
decide and to determine their policies
Vis A Israel type of relationship that
should they should have and maintain
with Israel as an occupying
power have been waiting uh for so many
years just you know came to an end when
uh the the highest court in in the world
uh you know uh expressed its opinion and
its position regarding the situation in
Palestine and the rights of the
Palestinian
people thank you very much I just want
also to Echo in this historic moment our
gratitude number one to the court and to
the judges
who have uh rendered an opinion with an
overwhelming majority we are grateful to
them they sided with Justice and also I
want to say we are so proud of our
political team the best team of
Palestinian ambassadors who led this
process over so many years to reach this
moment along with them a formidable
legal team the best of the best in the
this business some of them are with us
some maybe are not with us here but we
are grateful for them for translating
into legal language the political plan
that we articulated for them all that is
finished our people deserve much more
than that our people want to put an end
to this occupation what happened today
is a significant step in the direction
of ending
occupation and attaining the inalienable
rights of the Palestinian people
including their right to
self-determination statehood and the
right of the refugees to return we will
study thoroughly the 140 pages of the
the opinion we will dissect every
sentence we will study all the nuances
we will consult with an army of friends
at the United Nations and in in all
corners of the globe in order to set the
stage for the following stage after we
received this formidable you know
opinion we will go to the general
assembly as requested by the court in
saying that the general assembly should
deal with the modalities for ending this
occupation as quickly as possible along
also with the security Council we
knocked on the doors of every part of
the United Nations system the general
assembly the security Council the Human
Rights Council over the years fighting
for justice for our people and our
rights we did not accomplish these
objectives we have now an additional
Force by the highest legal system in the
globe the icj to add to the r that we
have in order to continue resisting this
illegal occupation bringing it to an end
and to allow people to live in Freedom
and dignity we will share with you every
step of the way as we have done all the
time we will tell you our plans we will
tell you what we will do and we will
produce a masterpiece of a resolution in
the general assembly in line with this
historic decision of the icj we are
grateful to all of you we are grateful
for you being covering these stories
with us all the time